Documentation for OCPP modules (#908)
EVerest/everest-core: modules/OCPP201/doc.rst

OCPP2.0.1 Module
================

> This module implements and integrates OCPP2.0.1 within EVerest. A connection to a Charging Station Management System (CSMS) can be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module implements and integrates OCPP 2.0.1 within EVerest. A connection to a Charging Station Management System (CSMS) can be
```

  libocpp internally
* **get_mo_ocsp_request_data** to include the **iso15118CertificateHashData** as part of an **Authorize.req** for Plug&Charge if required
* **update_ocsp_cache** to update the OCSP cache, which is part of a **GetCertificateStatus** message from the CSMS
* **is_ca_certificate_installed** to verify if a certain CA certificate is installed
* **generate_certificate_signing_request** to generate a CSR that can be used as part of a **SignCertificate.req** message to the CSMS to generate or update the
  SECC or CSMS leaf certificates
* **get_leaf_certificate_info** to get the certificate and private key path of the CSMS client certificate used for security profile 3
* **get_verify_file** to get the path to a CA bundle that can be used for verifying, e.g., the CSMS TLS server certificate
* **get_leaf_expiry_days_count** to determine when a leaf certificate expires. This information is used by libocpp in order to renew leaf certificates in case
  they expire soon

*Note: A lot of conversion between the libocpp types and the generated EVerest types are required for the given commands. Since the conversion functionality

> is used by this OCPP201 module and the OCPP1.6 module, it is implemented as a `separate library <../../lib/staging/ocpp/>`_.

Author: ```suggestion
is used by this OCPP201 module and the OCPP1.6 module, it is implemented as a `separate library <../../lib/staging/ocpp/>`_.*
```
